README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kangfenmao/cherry-studio/releases">
    <img src="https://github.com/kangfenmao/cherry-studio/blob/main/build/icon.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" alt="banner" /><br>
  </a>
</h1>
  <p align="center">English | <a href="./docs/README.zh.md">中文</a> | <a href="./docs/README.ja.md">日本語</a><br></p>
<div align="center">
 <a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/11772" target="_blank"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/11772" alt="kangfenmao%2Fcherry-studio | Trendshift" style="width: 250px; height: 55px;" width="250" height="55"/></a>
</div>

# 🍒 Cherry Studio

Cherry Studio is a desktop client that supports for multiple LLM providers, available on Windows, Mac and Linux.

👏 Join [Telegram Group](https://t.me/CherryStudioAI)｜[Discord](https://discord.gg/wez8HtpxqQ) | [QQ Group(1025067911)](https://qm.qq.com/q/RIBAO2pPKS)

❤️ Like Cherry Studio? Give it a star 🌟 or [Sponsor](docs/sponsor.md) to support the development!

# 🌠 Screenshot

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/28585d83-4bf0-4714-b561-8c7bf57cc600)
![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8576863a-f632-4776-bc12-657eeced9da3)
![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/790790d7-b462-48dd-bde1-91c1697a4648)

# 🌟 Key Features

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b4f2f78-5cbe-4be8-9aec-f98d8405a505)

1. **Diverse LLM Provider Support**:

   - ☁️ Major LLM Cloud Services: OpenAI, Gemini, Anthropic, and more
   - 🔗 AI Web Service Integration: Claude, Peplexity, Poe, and others
   - 💻 Local Model Support with Ollama, LM Studio

2. **AI Assistants & Conversations**:

   - 📚 300+ Pre-configured AI Assistants
   - 🤖 Custom Assistant Creation
   - 💬 Multi-model Simultaneous Conversations

3. **Document & Data Processing**:

   - 📄 Support for Text, Images, Office, PDF, and more
   - ☁️ WebDAV File Management and Backup
   - 📊 Mermaid Chart Visualization
   - 💻 Code Syntax Highlighting

4. **Practical Tools Integration**:

   - 🔍 Global Search Functionality
   - 📝 Topic Management System
   - 🔤 AI-powered Translation
   - 🎯 Drag-and-drop Sorting
   - 🔌 Mini Program Support

5. **Enhanced User Experience**:
   - 🖥️ Cross-platform Support for Windows, Mac, and Linux
   - 📦 Ready to Use, No Environment Setup Required
   - 🎨 Light/Dark Themes and Transparent Window
   - 📝 Complete Markdown Rendering
   - 🤲 Easy Content Sharing

# 📝 TODO

- [x] Quick popup (read clipboard, quick question, explain, translate, summarize)
- [x] Comparison of multi-model answers
- [x] Support login using SSO provided by service providers
- [x] All models support networking
- [x] Launch of the first official version
- [x] Bug fixes and improvements (In progress...)
- [ ] Plugin functionality (JavaScript)
- [ ] Browser extension (highlight text to translate, summarize, add to knowledge base)
- [ ] iOS & Android client
- [ ] AI notes
- [ ] Voice input and output (AI call)
- [ ] Data backup supports custom backup content

# 🖥️ Develop

## IDE Setup

[Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/) + [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) + [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

## Project Setup

### Install

```bash
$ yarn
```

### Development

```bash
$ yarn dev
```

### Build

```bash
# For windows
$ yarn build:win

# For macOS
$ yarn build:mac

# For Linux
$ yarn build:linux
```

# 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to Cherry Studio! Here are some ways you can contribute:

1. **Contribute Code**: Develop new features or optimize existing code.
2. **Fix Bugs**: Submit fixes for any bugs you find.
3. **Maintain Issues**: Help manage GitHub issues.
4. **Product Design**: Participate in design discussions.
5. **Write Documentation**: Improve user manuals and guides.
6. **Community Engagement**: Join discussions and help users.
7. **Promote Usage**: Spread the word about Cherry Studio.

## Getting Started

1. **Fork the Repository**: Fork and clone it to your local machine.
2. **Create a Branch**: For your changes.
3. **Submit Changes**: Commit and push your changes.
4. **Open a Pull Request**: Describe your changes and reasons.

For more detailed guidelines, please refer to our [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Thank you for your support and contributions!

## Related Projects

- [one-api](https://github.com/songquanpeng/one-api):LLM API management and distribution system, supporting mainstream models like OpenAI, Azure, and Anthropic. Features unified API interface, suitable for key management and secondary distribution.

# 🚀 Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/kangfenmao/cherry-studio/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kangfenmao/cherry-studio" />
</a>
<br /><br />

# 🌐 Community

[Telegram](https://t.me/CherryStudioAI) | [Email](mailto:kangfenmao@gmail.com) | [Twitter](https://x.com/kangfenmao)

# 📣 Product Hunt

<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/posts/cherry-studio?embed=true&utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_souce=badge-cherry&#0045;studio" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=496640&theme=light" alt="Cherry&#0032;Studio - AI&#0032;Chatbots&#0044;&#0032;AI&#0032;Desktop&#0032;Client | Product Hunt" style="width: 250px; height: 54px;" width="250" height="54" /></a>

# ☕ Sponsor

[Buy Me a Coffee](docs/sponsor.md)

# 📃 License

[LICENSE](./LICENSE)

# ⭐️ Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=kangfenmao/cherry-studio&type=Timeline)](https://star-history.com/#kangfenmao/cherry-studio&Timeline)

Commit message:

feat: refactor web search logic and support searxng (#2543)
* feat: support searxng model and refactor web search provider

* feat: basic refactor

* stash: web search settings page

* chore: refactor general setting and provider page

* feat: finish basic refactor and add searxng search

* feat: finish refactor

* chore(version): 1.0.2

* feat: change blacklist match pattern

* Merge branch 'main' into feat-websearch

* chore: add migrate

* chore: add old version migrate

* refactor UI

* chore(version): 1.0.5

* fix: update provider enabled: true, when check seach

* chore: fix migrate bug

---------

Co-authored-by: kangfenmao <kangfenmao@qq.com>

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kangfenmao/cherry-studio/releases">
    <img src="https://github.com/kangfenmao/cherry-studio/blob/main/build/icon.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" alt="banner" /><br>
  </a>
</h1>
  <p align="center">English | <a href="./docs/README.zh.md">中文</a> | <a href="./docs/README.ja.md">日本語</a><br></p>
<div align="center">
 <a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/11772" target="_blank"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/11772" alt="kangfenmao%2Fcherry-studio | Trendshift" style="width: 250px; height: 55px;" width="250" height="55"/></a>
</div>

# 🍒 Cherry Studio

Cherry Studio is a desktop client that supports for multiple LLM providers, available on Windows, Mac and Linux.

👏 Join [Telegram Group](https://t.me/CherryStudioAI)｜[Discord](https://discord.gg/wez8HtpxqQ) | [QQ Group(1025067911)](https://qm.qq.com/q/RIBAO2pPKS)

❤️ Like Cherry Studio? Give it a star 🌟 or [Sponsor](docs/sponsor.md) to support the development!

# 🌠 Screenshot

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/28585d83-4bf0-4714-b561-8c7bf57cc600)
![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8576863a-f632-4776-bc12-657eeced9da3)
![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/790790d7-b462-48dd-bde1-91c1697a4648)

# 🌟 Key Features

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b4f2f78-5cbe-4be8-9aec-f98d8405a505)

1. **Diverse LLM Provider Support**:

   - ☁️ Major LLM Cloud Services: OpenAI, Gemini, Anthropic, and more
   - 🔗 AI Web Service Integration: Claude, Peplexity, Poe, and others
   - 💻 Local Model Support with Ollama, LM Studio

2. **AI Assistants & Conversations**:

   - 📚 300+ Pre-configured AI Assistants
   - 🤖 Custom Assistant Creation
   - 💬 Multi-model Simultaneous Conversations

3. **Document & Data Processing**:

   - 📄 Support for Text, Images, Office, PDF, and more
   - ☁️ WebDAV File Management and Backup
   - 📊 Mermaid Chart Visualization
   - 💻 Code Syntax Highlighting

4. **Practical Tools Integration**:

   - 🔍 Global Search Functionality
   - 📝 Topic Management System
   - 🔤 AI-powered Translation
   - 🎯 Drag-and-drop Sorting
   - 🔌 Mini Program Support

5. **Enhanced User Experience**:
   - 🖥️ Cross-platform Support for Windows, Mac, and Linux
   - 📦 Ready to Use, No Environment Setup Required
   - 🎨 Light/Dark Themes and Transparent Window
   - 📝 Complete Markdown Rendering
   - 🤲 Easy Content Sharing

# 📝 TODO

- [x] Quick popup (read clipboard, quick question, explain, translate, summarize)
- [x] Comparison of multi-model answers
- [x] Support login using SSO provided by service providers
- [x] All models support networking
- [x] Launch of the first official version
- [x] Bug fixes and improvements (In progress...)
- [ ] Plugin functionality (JavaScript)
- [ ] Browser extension (highlight text to translate, summarize, add to knowledge base)
- [ ] iOS & Android client
- [ ] AI notes
- [ ] Voice input and output (AI call)
- [ ] Data backup supports custom backup content

# 🖥️ Develop

## IDE Setup

[Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/) + [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) + [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

## Project Setup

### Install

```bash
yarn
```

### Development

```bash
yarn dev
```

### Build

```bash
# For windows
$ yarn build:win

# For macOS
$ yarn build:mac

# For Linux
$ yarn build:linux
```

# 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to Cherry Studio! Here are some ways you can contribute:

1. **Contribute Code**: Develop new features or optimize existing code.
2. **Fix Bugs**: Submit fixes for any bugs you find.
3. **Maintain Issues**: Help manage GitHub issues.
4. **Product Design**: Participate in design discussions.
5. **Write Documentation**: Improve user manuals and guides.
6. **Community Engagement**: Join discussions and help users.
7. **Promote Usage**: Spread the word about Cherry Studio.

## Getting Started

1. **Fork the Repository**: Fork and clone it to your local machine.
2. **Create a Branch**: For your changes.
3. **Submit Changes**: Commit and push your changes.
4. **Open a Pull Request**: Describe your changes and reasons.

For more detailed guidelines, please refer to our [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Thank you for your support and contributions!

## Related Projects

- [one-api](https://github.com/songquanpeng/one-api):LLM API management and distribution system, supporting mainstream models like OpenAI, Azure, and Anthropic. Features unified API interface, suitable for key management and secondary distribution.

- [ublacklist](https://github.com/iorate/ublacklist):Blocks specific sites from appearing in Google search results

# 🚀 Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/kangfenmao/cherry-studio/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kangfenmao/cherry-studio" />
</a>
<br /><br />

# 🌐 Community

[Telegram](https://t.me/CherryStudioAI) | [Email](mailto:kangfenmao@gmail.com) | [Twitter](https://x.com/kangfenmao)

# 📣 Product Hunt

<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/posts/cherry-studio?embed=true&utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_souce=badge-cherry&#0045;studio" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=496640&theme=light" alt="Cherry&#0032;Studio - AI&#0032;Chatbots&#0044;&#0032;AI&#0032;Desktop&#0032;Client | Product Hunt" style="width: 250px; height: 54px;" width="250" height="54" /></a>

# ☕ Sponsor

[Buy Me a Coffee](docs/sponsor.md)

# 📃 License

[LICENSE](./LICENSE)

# ⭐️ Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=kangfenmao/cherry-studio&type=Timeline)](https://star-history.com/#kangfenmao/cherry-studio&Timeline)
